I want to add a quick note about this constructor function.
Remember this gets called every time we instantiate an object.
And this is how we create custom object.
Right.
But an interesting thing that you can do here because you have control over how the instantiation happens
you can do different safeguards.
For example let's remove this for now because we don't need it.
Or actually let's change this to let's to age.
We want to check if the user is over 18 then we're going to run this otherwise while the program is
going to error out because we only let people age 18 and over to play the game because let's say it's
rated R so we can do different things in the constructor to make sure that we are instantiating the
object the proper way.
We can also give default parameters like name can be anonymous if we wanted to.
If they don't provide a name and then age will be let's say 0.
If they don't provide a name.
So that here.
Let's say I forget to instantiate Player 1 and Player 2 if I click Run I get an error Player object
has no attribute name and this is on line eleven.
Now why do we not have self Don name.
Well because on line 17 you are trying to call shout but unfortunately we never instantiated this because
when we don't provide anything the age is going to be 0.
So we're never going to instantiate with these properties OK.
So let's just give it time and then age is going to be 10 and let's just remove Player 2 for now if
I do.
Player 1 Got shut and I click.
Run
once again I get an error because well Tom is only 10 years old.
We're not going to create this character.
Now we're gonna talk about errors and maybe instead of just having this error out we can send a message
saying Hey player is not old enough but for now I hope you see the power that comes with this idea of
constructor and the instantiation of an object where we're able to add these different controls and
safeguards to perhaps make sure that we receive their right data type in order to create the object
or maybe the age is over 18 in order to make sure that when we actually instantiate this player one
object we're doing it the right way.
So this in it gives you a lot of control.